*** You can turn these captions off using the CC button
We're proud to present the Apple Skin Twist!
It twists your skin, okay
Now if you just leave it on there you can surprise yourself
cause it can make up to 50 percent more flaps
yeah look at that
pretty neat huh?
now you're gonna love the Apple Lickamaforbus
and yes I know that it sounds like a sex robot -- that's not appropriate
no the Lickamaforbus is really a plant based guitar
and as you see, it has walnut spores
great, right?
yeah, they're really just a fancy touch so we can trend-set
but there's more to... uh oh.... dang it
I gotta pee!
We're happy to finally announce the Apple Handsome Anthony
Yep
Now Anthony can take you to a museum or to the Snowcone Palace
but if he ever asks for Geppetto, then you need to destroy him forcefully first thing
it's vital okay
Apple Wings are Apple's hot wings, and they're meaty and they're juicy
and the names are like "Mystery Colon" and "Soul Snatcher" and "Aye Aye Kevin"
mmm hmmm
they're gonna be
great... now we also have socks
let me explain
So let's talk about the Apple Hole
Now this is indeed a mini black hole so it
could have many uses
For instance,  you could time switch four mini checkers into one weredonkey
yep, okay?
now this is our fanciest tetra-fusion hole at this point
The only thing is it's not portable yet
Let's talk about the Apple Garfenafuten Tuten-Juten Exiobalexis
Or as we like to call it, "Garf Exi"
So I intended to show you what it sorta does, but it's really stumped a few of us
So instead, I get to announce something else
I give you the Apple Wish Prince
[crowd cheers]
Hello, Wish Prince.
Do you have a wiiiiiish?
I wish that my Wish Prince would just give me seven diamonds
GRANTED!
and there it is... it's done
So what you see before you --
Do you have a wiiiiiiish??
No, but thanks Wish Prince, so anyway
Uhhh, yeah I wish you'd quit doing this
Do you have a wiiiiiiish??
yeah I don't know what's happened, 'cause
he's supposed to quit asking, so it's like -
Do you have a wiiiiiiish??
Tyler, can you help me? Can't you guys move it forward to the next section?
You can't?
Dude, you're a tech guy -- is it
really hard?
you suck
Do you have a wiiiiiiish??
introducing the Apple DeBonk DeBonk, a musical can opener that-
The truth is when I was 8, I was 12
and then
I started work at the backgammon store, and as the new guy, got in a fight --
Apple Toast is a magnificent
cinnamon toast, and that's important today --
...and that's when I knew that the judge could sense that I'm Roman
... eyes on the soon-to-be legendary Apple Windmill!
...the woman's name was Linda Foop
a loud Irish woman with hard tooth enamel...
...I'm really excited to introduce the Apple Steven Forkhead!
As you probably guessed, you
stick forks in it and then you hear a doorbell
Check it out!
Hey is this boring? 'Cause wow, I mean
'cause what I'm seeing on your faces says it is
'kay